README.md, before:

# VoiceAssistant (Alpha)
Voice Assistant: Inspired from IRON MAN ( J.A.R.V.I.S )

## How to run?
    - Python 3.13 Required (TESTED)
    - open cmd and run `pip install -r requirements.txt`
    - finally `python -m assistant` to run

## Credits
```
     ██╗    █████╗    ██████╗   ██╗   ██╗  ██╗   ███████╗
     ██║   ██╔══██╗   ██╔══██╗  ██║   ██║  ██║   ██╔════╝
     ██║   ███████║   ██████╔╝  ██║   ██║  ██║   ███████╗
██   ██║   ██╔══██║   ██╔══██╗  ╚██╗ ██╔╝  ██║   ╚════██║
╚█████╔╝██╗██║  ██║██╗██║  ██║██╗╚████╔╝██╗██║██╗███████║
 ╚════╝ ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═╝╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═╝╚═╝ ╚═══╝ ╚═╝╚═╝╚═╝╚══════╝
                                            by @bishalqx980
```

Commit message:

Added : vosk-model (complete offline mode)

README.md, after:

# VoiceAssistant (Alpha)
Voice Assistant: Inspired from IRON MAN ( J.A.R.V.I.S )

## How to run?
    - Python 3.13 Required (TESTED)
    - open cmd and run `pip install -r requirements.txt`
    - Download vosk-model from: https://alphacephei.com/vosk/models
    - place the zip/rar file in assistant/utils/ and extract and rename to `vosk-model`
    - finally `python -m assistant` to run

## Credits
```
     ██╗    █████╗    ██████╗   ██╗   ██╗  ██╗   ███████╗
     ██║   ██╔══██╗   ██╔══██╗  ██║   ██║  ██║   ██╔════╝
     ██║   ███████║   ██████╔╝  ██║   ██║  ██║   ███████╗
██   ██║   ██╔══██║   ██╔══██╗  ╚██╗ ██╔╝  ██║   ╚════██║
╚█████╔╝██╗██║  ██║██╗██║  ██║██╗╚████╔╝██╗██║██╗███████║
 ╚════╝ ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═╝╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═╝╚═╝ ╚═══╝ ╚═╝╚═╝╚═╝╚══════╝
                                            by @bishalqx980
```
